"tasty, but not for children"
"I find it superfluous"
"For foodies"
"A delicious addition to many recipes"
"versatile unique offers many applications!!!"
"It is a little sour, which you would not suspect at first glance. From the consistency it is rather liquid. The application is easy and the syrup is versatile."
"refine, decorate, color, pomegranate"
"An unusual flavor that took some thought for me to incorporate into my cooking habits."
"something different"
"Something completely new also from the taste,very versatile can be used well dosed,gives all dishes a special touch also already colored and visually I am thrilled"
"So the product is delicious but it is very difficult for me to find what to use it for."
"I did not like the product."
"versatile. Exceptional taste. be willing to experiment"
"Product is delicious and versatile."
"colors beautifully red. not suitable for sweet dishes."
"Very undecided if I will ever buy this product."
"New, great consistency, different taste, great color"
"Awesome taste!"
"The BRAND syrup is a little kitchen fairy. 
No more umpteen bottles but a product you can use for desserts, cocktails but also hearty products. "
"Very tasty and versatile to use"
"It has a great taste, sweet and sour, is a great combination and refines so great the dishes. Whether used as a decoration or mixed in. Delightful
"
"-Syrup
-tastes good
-great as a decoration suitable"
"The taste is fresh and something different than the usual 'everyday stuff'. And it's versatile."
"Don't need it."
"Great, tasty and interesting multifunctional food supplement! "
"Super for refining"
"red glow, a little sour"
"a great taste experience"
"Unusual product, but versatile and delicious."
"Very tasty, perfect to dose, slightly sweet, slightly sour, pure and in combination a pleasure, beautiful red, great consistency"
"tasty, versatile, good to work with"
"versatile, exceptional, fruity"
"still too sour"
"Tasty, versatile and interesting look"
"An interesting attempt"
"It is/was totally new to me...I think it's great....it's very sour....and I would buy it. :-)"
"super tasty... especially in sparkling wine :)"
"A great and especially new and versatile product. You can experiment a lot with it."
"sweet and sour"
"Tasty, individual, multi-purpose, easy to use, as new, top product!"
"The product is very versatile, so you can combine it with many different dishes and also drinks. The nice thing is that the consistency varies depending on the storage (refrigerator or kitchen cabinet).

The product can be used on an everyday basis. Very nice is also the bright color."
"Delicious, sour, fruity, tangy".
"Something new for a change, very versatile"
"super project, this is really a great thing to test something secret"
"I can't think of any other product right now that is as versatile as this one."
"Well, to be honest: a product you don't really need- didn't impress me"
"Wow what a color...."
"It was a product with a lot of possibilities! Yummy!"
"completely new, versatile and taste really something different"
"-"
"I like sour =)"
"fruity, fresh - versatile "
"Suitable more as a sauce for ice cream or fruit creations. To meat or vegetables must be more adventurous palate;-)"
"New...unique....require experimentation"
"Tasty, interesting "
"Is very innovative, tastes very good and fun to work with. Delicious"
"Exciting to try something new, diverse possibilities of use..we have tried a lot sometimes with more sometimes with less success"
"Fruity, fresh and versatile..."
"something to refine sweets and drinks"
"Very versatile to use"
"pink spice wonder"
"Great color very versatile to use"
"Unique and fruity"
"Hammer product, I would buy in a heartbeat without azo dyes."
"Good idea, lots of possibilities, not ready for market yet!"
"Quite a boring and superfluous product."
"Interesting additive option as balsamic, for food coloring and marinades"
"incredible how versatile the BRAND syrup is"
"very interesting and varied"
"fruity sour
pink
delicious"
"great taste!"
"Super to refine, decorate and season dishes"
"still nothing"
"delicious - touch of something special"
"simply delicious"
"It tastes very good"
"sour"
"delicious, many possible uses"
"red"
"dark glass bottle sweet and sour taste pretty doll red"
"tasty and many uses"
"the taste"
"slightly sour syrup"
"a product that is very versatile"
"dressing, game, salad, delicious"
"Delicious thick sweet and sour sauce"
"Fruity, spicy and has a super color"
"Delicious salad idea!"
"Versatile and especially delicious product to use every day!"
"Nice product, but too rarely get the chance to use it."
"Must have again"
"I got to know a new interesting product, fruity, sour and intense red "
"I would like other flavors "
"Versatile, a must in any good kitchen. Perfect for me."
"I find the product interesting, although my interest was a little more there at the beginning to try, now that I know what I can do with it, I can use it in a more targeted way. "
"A super tasty seasoning sauce, suitable for all menu courses"
"The most versatile product I know"
"Time for it to come on the market"
"Delicious innovation, versatile, meant for creative people"
"too sour, consistency great, color great"
"very productive, flavor enhancement in drinks..."
"Food, dessert ... I get hungry ;-)"
"A really interesting product with multiple uses for sweet and savory dishes"
"Even just the prototype was great presentation. I especially liked the shape of the bottle and also the color of the syrup. "
"Unfortunately for me not been sooo interesting and tasty"
"fresh taste super combinable with many sweet things"
"it's fun to experiment with it as you can use it
"
"different and new
a challenge"
"interesting, different, sour, red!"
"versatile"
"Super product, which I would buy again immediately in the store."
"please bring to market as soon as possible!
"
"Great color, delicious taste and very versatile"
"Tastes fruity, versatile to use"
"It was fun to test it"
"That it was not so great for me"
"very tasty and surprising"
"versatile and a great color"
"tasty and versatile"
"Absolutely good question, a little too sour for me personally, versatile"
"Fruity fresh"
"Tasty, sour, thick."
"Sour"
"new product, didn't know this product before, would it be available in more flavors?"
"no sauce, no dip, nix for sweet :-("
"drink syrup"
"great color"
"fruity fresh mysterious"
"very versatile "
"fruity, slightly sour sauce to refine sweet dishes, salads or cheese"
"a delicious experience and a tasty project"
"Very versatile and great taste"
"I must first say that I was in the hospital with my son for 2 weeks and could not test the product as I would have liked. But I find the color very appealing and the taste is something different."
"Good with savory and sweet dishes."
"exotic, fruity, delicious"
"Tasty ,new product inviting to experiment".
"I have to be honest: I had not bought it in the supermarket. Because the bottle is so unattractive and because I could not imagine anything under it.... But the product convinced me! Innovative and versatile! Now add appropriate packaging and it will be a success!"
"it's super tasty.like it on ice cream"
"refreshingly new !"
"a versatile product that is fun"
"Fruity, sweet and sour, in combination with sweet dishes a dream, and the color is also really appealing, reminiscent of red berries"
"Did not quite convince me
"
"Palate Pleaser"
"Versatile syrup that can be used in a variety of ways"